You spent three years on the frontier and achieved nothing
The Lin family has long been parasitic under my leadership
Now you don't even deserve to carry my shoes
Ye Luoyuan is not even as good as a woman
What if I were him?
Suicide long ago
Hahaha you trash
Don't think about toads eating swan meat
If I had found a place to kill myself
How do you have the face to live in this market?
Fuck you
If you dare to touch him, I will kill you
You want to kill me for him?
Ah, tiger for a lifetime, don't you?
Okay, Ye Luoyuan actually started at the Longmen banquet
I want you to look good
A bunch of things that look down on people
You little bitch dare to hit me
Mom
Sign here.
The 10 million is yours
We get together and break up
From now on
1,900 Are you sure?
I'm sure ok
I promise you.
Set you free
Hope you don't regret it.
The check is enough to keep you safe for a lifetime
Several worry-free food and clothing
I will regret my actions today
Yes, a woman like Long Yue
Not worthy of you
What right do you have to make me regret it?
My Lin family is about to cooperate with the Tang family
Tonight I am about to be named a female Marquis
As long as I want
I can benefit you with a word
Let me benefit
I'll tell you what.
You can take back what I left for your Lin family.
Contact your Lin family today to sign a contract.